Update staking instructions (#21)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: using-the-website/staking.md

# Staking

> Staking allows you to earn OHM passively via compound interest. By staking your OHM with Olympus, you receive sOHM in return at a 1:1 ratio. After that, your sOHM balance will increase automatically on every epoch based on the current APY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Staking allows you to earn OHM passively via auto-compounding. By staking your OHM with OlympusDAO, you receive sOHM in return at a 1:1 ratio. After that, your sOHM balance will increase automatically on every epoch based on the current APY.
```

## How to Stake

> 1. Go to the [Stake page of the Olympus website](https://olympusdao.finance/#/stake).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Stake page of the OlympusDAO website](https://olympusdao.finance/#/stake).
```
